profile/README.md, before:

![WorkersLab](./Logo-Horizontal-Version.png)

# WorkersLab
> Building the Future of Web

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-workerslab.com-blue)](https://workerslab.com)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@workerslab-1DA1F2)](https://twitter.com/workerslab)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-WorkersLab-0A66C2)](https://linkedin.com/company/workerslab)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blog-Medium-black)](https://medium.com/@workerslab)

## 👋 About Us

WorkersLab is a modern web solutions company specializing in building exceptional digital experiences. We combine cutting-edge technology with creative innovation to help businesses thrive in the digital age.

## 🚀 What We Do

- **Full-Stack Development**: Custom web applications built with modern technologies
- **Cloud Architecture**: Scalable and reliable cloud infrastructure solutions
- **DevOps**: Streamlined deployment and development workflows
- **Shopify Apps**: Custom solutions for e-commerce businesses

## 💻 Tech Stack

```javascript
const techStack = {
    frontend: ['React', 'Vue.js', 'Next.js', 'Tailwind CSS'],
    backend: ['Node.js', 'Ruby on Rails', 'Python'],
    cloud: ['AWS', 'Google Cloud', 'Cloudflare Workers'],
    database: ['PostgreSQL', 'MongoDB', 'Redis'],
    tools: ['Docker', 'Kubernetes', 'GitHub Actions']
};
```

## 🌟 Featured Projects

### TrueMail
Email verification platform built for scale
- [View Project →](https://truemail.app)

### ProQR.codes
Enterprise QR code management system
- [View Project →](https://proqr.codes)

## 🤝 Open Source

We believe in giving back to the community. Here are some of our open-source contributions:

- **[Repository Name]**: Description
- **[Repository Name]**: Description

## 📚 Latest Blog Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Blog post title]
- [Blog post title]
- [Blog post title]
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## 📊 WorkersLab at a Glance

- 🌟 **150+** Projects Completed
- 👥 **50+** Happy Clients
- 🏢 **3** Global Offices
- 💻 **24/7** Support

## 📬 Get in Touch

- **Website:** [workerslab.com](https://workerslab.com)
- **Email:** hello@workerslab.com
- **Twitter:** [@workerslab](https://twitter.com/workerslab)
- **LinkedIn:** [WorkersLab](https://linkedin.com/company/workerslab/about)

---

⚡️ Powered by WorkersLab

Commit message:

Pull blog posts from blog

profile/README.md, after:

![WorkersLab](./Logo-Horizontal-Version.png)

# WorkersLab
> Building the Future of Web

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-workerslab.com-blue)](https://workerslab.com)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@workerslab-1DA1F2)](https://twitter.com/workerslab)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-WorkersLab-0A66C2)](https://linkedin.com/company/workerslab)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blog-Medium-black)](https://medium.com/@workerslab)

## 👋 About Us

WorkersLab is a modern web solutions company specializing in building exceptional digital experiences. We combine cutting-edge technology with creative innovation to help businesses thrive in the digital age.

## 🚀 What We Do

- **Full-Stack Development**: Custom web applications built with modern technologies
- **Cloud Architecture**: Scalable and reliable cloud infrastructure solutions
- **DevOps**: Streamlined deployment and development workflows
- **Shopify Apps**: Custom solutions for e-commerce businesses

## 💻 Tech Stack

```javascript
const techStack = {
    frontend: ['React', 'Vue.js', 'Next.js', 'Tailwind CSS'],
    backend: ['Node.js', 'Ruby on Rails', 'Python'],
    cloud: ['AWS', 'Google Cloud', 'Cloudflare Workers'],
    database: ['PostgreSQL', 'MongoDB', 'Redis'],
    tools: ['Docker', 'Kubernetes', 'GitHub Actions']
};
```

## 🌟 Featured Projects

### TrueMail
Email verification platform built for scale
- [View Project →](https://truemail.app)

### ProQR.codes
Enterprise QR code management system
- [View Project →](https://proqr.codes)

## 🤝 Open Source

We believe in giving back to the community. Here are some of our open-source contributions:

- **[Repository Name]**: Description
- **[Repository Name]**: Description

## 📚 Latest Insights from Blog

Visit [workerslab.com/blog](https://www.workerslab.com/blog) for in-depth business insights and technical articles.

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Blog post title]
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## 📊 WorkersLab at a Glance

- 🌟 **150+** Projects Completed
- 👥 **50+** Happy Clients
- 🏢 **3** Global Offices
- 💻 **24/7** Support

## 📬 Get in Touch

- **Website:** [workerslab.com](https://workerslab.com)
- **Email:** hello@workerslab.com
- **Twitter:** [@workerslab](https://twitter.com/workerslab)
- **LinkedIn:** [WorkersLab](https://linkedin.com/company/workerslab/about)

---

⚡️ Powered by WorkersLab
